Using different artifact repositories in a restricted environment (#1160)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/proc_configuring-nuget-to-use-a-non-standard-registry.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// using-nuget-artifact-repositories

[id="configuring-nuget-to-use-a-non-standard-registry_{context}"]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

= Configuring NuGet to use a non-standard artifact repository

> NuGet searches for configuration files anywhere between the solution directory to the driver root directory. If you put the `nuget.config` file in the `/projects` directory, the `nuget.config` file will define NuGet behavior for all projects in `/projects`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NuGet searches for configuration files anywhere between the solution directory and the driver root directory. If you put the `nuget.config` file in the `/projects` directory, the `nuget.config` file defines NuGet behavior for all projects in `/projects`.
```

.Procedure

> * Create and place the `nuget.config` file in the `/projects` directory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create and place the `nuget.config` file in the `/projects` directory.
```

+
.Example `nuget.config` with a Nexus repository hosted at `nexus.example.org`:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
